this program music in action follows in
two minutes and continues the story of
narcissus
there was a clear pool with shining
silvery waters uh narcissus wearied with
hunting in the heat of the day lay down
here for he was attracted by the beauty
of the place and by the spring he sought
to quench his thirst and as he drank he
was enchanted by the beautiful
reflection that he saw spellbound by his
own self he remained there motionless
and he admired all those features for
which he was himself admired how often
he plunged his arms deep into the waters
but could not lay hold on himself poor
foolish boy what you sees but your own
reflection it comes with you and stays
while you are there
finally he raised himself a little
holding out his arms to the surrounding
woods as anyone ever felt a love more
cruel he cried I'm in love with my own
self Oh cruel reflection
well that was the state of the play when
narcissus finally got around to seeing
himself and you might be thinking they
made rather a mess of his life or that
sort of thing only happens in stories
anyway well that's sort of thinking
about what is really real and where a
dream ends and